Friends, today I am going to talk about Policy
Bazaar. You must have seen the advertisement of Policy Bazaar everywhere,
even on
YouTube. It ran smoothly for five years until the
need arose. As soon as the
need arose for a claim, some wonderful things happened,
and that happened with Oriental Insurance. What is the
truth of this entire story? What is the truth? I will
tell you everything today so that you too can be saved.
What is this story? So stay tuned for the entire video.
My name is Sachin Gill and you are watching
Sense Tak. Now let's talk about
Policy Bazaar.
I don't know what you think of Policy Bazaar, but I believe
that Policy Bazaar is such a mediator
that you can get insurance without any
headache. If there is a need to make a claim, then it should happen
without any headache, as they promise.
So, I took it. It
ran smoothly for 4-5 years. I got many
policies for cars, bikes and other
people who were family members. Everything was going
well, but as soon as we
took insurance, and that too was from Oriental
Insurance. Friends, my car was a
Creta, in which an auto driver hit me from behind.  I did it, the
surveyor who was supposed to come the next day did
not come, the surveyor came after two to three days,
while the agency people kept calling him, there was
no initiative from their side,
which was from Oriental Insurance, so this is an
unprofessional way, still I thought that this might happen,
but the private ones do
all the surveying on time, and
after that the surveyor did
not call me even once to ask what happened, it happened
as I wrote it, so
this was the entire story of Oriental Insurance,
a surveyor always asks you what the
story was, how it happened, so that he can find out how the
accident happened,
realistic and I would have been realistic, but the surveyor did not
call, the surveyor did not
ask my name, nothing, no problem, I
thought that the process would continue smoothly,
after that everything was fine, friends, I made the payment by card, the
stamps were affixed, the money will come,
this was a story of 10 to 15 days,
which Policy Bazaar also says that it takes 15 days, it should
come in 15 days, I thought
okay, zero.  I had debt insurance and here it was
not cashless, it is only with Oriental ones,
I thought there is no issue,
I will pay it and collect it later,
after that friends, almost 15 days have passed and there has been no query,
then I called Policy Bazaar,
they were following up with me very well, there was no
mistake of theirs till this point,
after that they said that all your
documentation is done, all your story is done,
you will get it in 5 to 10 days
and at that time the festival season was going on
so I was also busy, I was in no hurry,
I said it will come, after that no
money came from there, then I called, they called,
sir, it has come, it has not come,
Policy Bazaar people said, it has not come, they
said it will come tomorrow, they called again tomorrow, it has not come, no
problem and Intel people are
not depositing the money at all, then I said brother what happened, I was a
little strict, then they asked, then
they said that you have to give a third party no
objection certificate, then I said that
you should have told me this earlier, you did
not tell me earlier, sir, this happens earlier, then
I said that you did not tell me, then what
Sorry for that, then I got a third party agreement
made and came, there is an Effi David, I got it
made and gave it to them, even after that they say that the
money will reach you in the next one or two days, even
after that brother, no
money came for 10-15-20 days, I am continuously mailing, the
Policy Bazaar people are following me, the
Policy Bazaar people are saying that the whole
story is done, whereas
I had given all the documentation in the mail,
each and every thing in which there was your bank details, there was
Aadhar card, even the receipt was there, it had a
stamp on it, there were bad photos, that is, the
photos before the accident,
after that all the photos were sent on the mail,
one month has passed with the third party agreement from my side, nothing,
after that there is no story, those
Policy Bazaar people give five days time
that we will call you, the
payment will reach you, they call after five days, the
payment does not come, then I was busy because
this sale was going well, we were
making videos etc., after that I tell
them that for so many days  It's done and you had
taken 15 days' time, I am a Utter, I will
put this entire process in front of the people
and will tell them how this story happened, then they
think that you are saying that we do it on priority,
even after doing it on priority,
brother, almost a month, total two months have passed, nothing has
come, two and a half months have passed,
then after that nothing has come, for
two and a half months,
then I thought that this kind of work will not work anymore, I
mean, Policy Bazaar people are contacting
Oriental people, Oriental people are saying that they will
come, Policy Bazaar people are following me,
if you know that a
company is bad then why have you kept it on your panel,
why are you telling people that they will
not process your claim, then
you are wasting your service to the people, I
mean, Policy Bazaar people kept following me, I will
not tell their mistake here till now, the
mistake is here that if a company creates
so much problem in the claim process, then
remove it from your panel, do not give it to the people, even
if it is a government company, brother, Oriental
company is a government company, so in that  I feel that we are the
boss, whatever we do will continue, no
problem. After that I told them that
I am such a writer, I have so many
subscribers, I will put the story in front of the people
and
whatever I have written, you give it in an Excel file,
I gave the complete details there,
they complained about that file,
after complaining I sent all the policy
bazaar Oriental Insurance madam,
Neelam madam, I should not take one name,
still no response came, then
after two-four days again I asked for a follow up,
after that nothing came, then they thought that
this is too much because I was
very angry, then after that they
said that your receipt has not come, the
payment receipt which was supposed to be stamped on it has not come,
you give it to me, I said
what is this, after giving all the documents after three months,
you say that the
receipt has not come, I am showing the entire mail, I am
showing it in the attachment,
all the receipts, everything, each and every thing is there
and why did it take three months to
tell you this, first of all, when everything was there in it,
after that I  After making arrangements, they
gave me the receipt again, which means I
again asked the company to provide the
bank details and a
cancelled cheque, which they had already provided.
I submitted all the documents in the first 15 days itself,
which I am submitting now,
after that I get so angry, the
next level of frustration is that
you Oriental people are so unprofessional,
and while the Policy Bazaar people are saying that
we are also sending them, I mean I have never seen such filth, such
unprofessionalism anywhere with
Oriental people, I mean nothing, I mean
you do anything, it doesn't make any difference,
after that I got so angry, then I had to take the
money, then I sent it
two days after sending, after that the payment came, so this was the
whole story, if you are taking Oriental Insurance, going to
Policy Bazaar, then it is
not going to make any difference, you should think about it, do not buy
from Oriental at all, and whatever
I have said, I am
showing it to you in front, all the mails etc.,
everything is shown in front so that you know,
now this is the story of Policy Bazaar.  Now
I had also taken a cover from Fox a few days ago, it belonged to
my brother, it was basically
cashless, at Fox it was Oriental from there,
Cover Fox, so it became cashless,
after that my brother was a little emotional, the
Oriental people said to him that brother, please
give me this money, I will give you whatever you have tomorrow,
he gave it to the poor guy saying that I will
help him, so friends, he is also an
emotional type of guy, he gave it to him, after that
about 15 days, 20 days have passed, no one
is ready to give him the money, that Oriental guy
means I was not aware of this story, later I come to know
after a month that the money has
not come and I get angry at him that
when you were cashless then why did you give him the money, he is
saying friend I got emotional,
I gave it to him, I thought that he will be
helped, after that I call
that guy, it goes on for about 45 days, then
what does that guy say to me, first he does
not pick up the phone, then he says that this is not from your bank, that is from
your bank  If it is not there,
show me the previous insurance, whereas I have already
given the copy of the previous insurance, I
started asking for the previous insurance from him, then I have given that too,
after that he says that your money will
not be returned, this is not your insurance, should I
tell you some deficiency, then I said that brother, you do
not know that I am an Utter, I am going to make your condition worse
if you do not get it, then he
replied to me like this, do not get it from you,
you will not get this money, that Oriental
Insurance guy says to me on the phone,
this story is from one and a half years ago, so I
thought that some people are like this, so I
should not tell this story, but now this
story of Policy Bazaar and Cover Fox, this
story was important to tell you because this is happening
with me, which I wrote a good mail to
Cover Fox, after writing the mail I
said that if I do not get this money, then
I will be like this, Utter, I
can do all these things, Cover Fox people were so
good, they were worried, whereas Cover Fox
in today's times looks a little below Policy Bazaar, there are
not so many ads for
Policy Bazaar, there are places where Policy
Bazaar does not have so much control,
then Cover Fox told me, Sir, one
Give me a week's payment and we'll release your payment. It
only took four days out of a week.
Their payment was credited to my account. So
imagine how similar this process is. A
big company, which has nothing in its hands,
says, "Sir, they're big, Oriental, we
can talk to them, we can't do anything."
Whereas this Cover Fox company, which was a small company, did it
very easily. So the
story here is that you're giving your stress
to someone else.
What Policy Bazaar does is it takes some margin in between, it does
all the business, but we're
giving our stress to them, and when that stress falls
on us and our money gets stuck, it becomes a
big problem. So friends,
this was the story. Now, where should you buy insurance from?
That's up to you. Now, friends,
how should you purchase insurance? I'm
giving you some links that are good
based on experience. You can buy from there in the link description
if you wish.
Otherwise, you can buy from wherever you like. So,
this is the story of Policy Bazaar, I'm
not speaking ill of it, but Policy
Bazaar isn't handling those things.  If it is there then
remove that panel, that is
remove that insurance from there so that
people get benefited. Hope friends you
can also avoid such things and you can also get benefited, that is why
I make such videos on the
basis of my experience and I will keep making them, so if you want to
see more such videos, please
follow us and share this video with
those who are frustrated with such
things, maybe they will get a solution
or if you also have some problem then you
can write to me in the comment. So that's all for today's video,
thank you so much, Vande Mataram.